document kernel lambdas (#1413)
alpaka-group/alpaka: docs/source/basic/library.rst

Due to the block execution order being undefined, there is no safe and consistent way of altering state that is stored inside of the function object.
Therefore, the ``operator()`` of the kernel function object has to be ``const`` and is not allowed to modify any of the object members.

> Kernels can also be defined via lambda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kernels can also be defined via lambda expressions.
```

.. code-block:: cpp

   auto kernel = [] ALPAKA_FN_ACC (auto const & acc /* , ... */) -> void {
	// ...
   }

.. attention::

>    The Nvidia ``nvcc`` does not support generic lambdas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Nvidia ``nvcc`` does not support generic lambdas which are marked with `__device__`, which is what `ALPAKA_FN_ACC` expands to (among others) when the CUDA backend is active.
```

The destinction is important, because you can of course have generic lambdas everywhere else :)

   Therefore, a workaround is required. The type of the ``acc`` must be defined outside the lambda.

   .. code-block:: cpp

      int main() {
          // ...
	  using Acc = alpaka::ExampleDefaultAcc<Dim, Idx>;

	  auto kernel = [] ALPAKA_FN_ACC (Acc const & acc /* , ... */) -> void {
	      // ...
	  }
	  // ...
      }

   However, the kernel is no longer completely generic and cannot be used with different accelerators.

>    If this is required, the kernel must be defined via a ``struct``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If this is required, the kernel must be defined as a function object.
```
